README.md, before:

# Adopt Ag: Mapbox GeoJSON

### Get Started with Local Development

#### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Decyphr/adopt-ag-map.git
```

#### 2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

#### 3. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```
After running the `npm run dev` command, you should be able to view the development build at http://localhost:8080



### Running production build locally with Docker
#### 1. Run the production build
```bash
npm run build
```

#### 2. Start the docker container
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

After running the `docker-compose up` command, you should be able to view the production build at http://localhost:8080



## Testing
Before running tests, make sure that the development server or the docker container is running at http://localhost:8080.
```bash
npm run test
```



## What technologies are being used?
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)
- [Playwright](https://playwright.dev)
- [Mapbox](https://mapbox.com)

*If you are not familiar with any of the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs.*

Commit message:

chore: add note about .env to README

README.md, after:

# Adopt Ag: Mapbox GeoJSON

### Get Started with Local Development

#### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Decyphr/adopt-ag-map.git
```

#### 2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

#### 3. Copy Example Environment Variables to .env
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```
*Note: You'll need to add a mapbox public key in order to load the map. NEXT_PUBLIC_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN="pk.xxxxx"*

#### 3. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```
After running the `npm run dev` command, you should be able to view the development build at http://localhost:8080



### Running production build locally with Docker
#### 1. Run the production build
```bash
npm run build
```

#### 2. Start the docker container
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

After running the `docker-compose up` command, you should be able to view the production build at http://localhost:8080



## Testing
Before running tests, make sure that the development server or the docker container is running at http://localhost:8080.
```bash
npm run test
```



## What technologies are being used?
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)
- [Playwright](https://playwright.dev)
- [Mapbox](https://mapbox.com)

*If you are not familiar with any of the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs.*
